# YahtzeeSchoolProject
Did this in my Programming II class as a final project in the span of about 24 hours. Worked on this in a group with two other classmates. The reason the time restraint was so tight was because one of my classmates had an emergency situation in his home country and we had to work on it with him only when he got back, since we had other major final projects and exams due.

The program uses Java AWT, Java Swing, and Object Oriented Programming to create five digital dice that can be "held" or "ignored" and plays a sort of singleplayer version of the game Yahtzee. Scores for each section are displayed on the left and right, and the grand total is displayed up top. 

If I could improve on this somehow, it would be fixing up the front-end by importing pictures with the File class and using those to display faces of the dice, using pictures instead of numbers in boxes for the dice, and adding multiplayer. All of these were features we had originally intended to add, but could not because of the aforementioned time constraints, so we decided to scale the project down into a singleplayer simulation instead of a multiplayer single-system game. I might (no promises) finish this project sometime, but my goal is to make actual real games in languages like C# or C++ someday through game engines, and to do that I think I'd need to learn that stuff first, so no promises. However, I'm still pretty proud of this project because of how much we did in such a short period of time, especially because of other constraints and the fact that we weren't using industry standards for frontend, but rather built in packages that people use to teach classes.
